
			SAS/C VS DICE COMPILATION OF DCPP

    * You can create a working executable using SAS/C or DICE to compile
      the source in this directory.  Using DICE is preferable :-) but you
      get SAS/C compilation for free since my source must compile under
      SAS/C for bootstrapping purposes.

      Note that you will get a lot of integer mismatch warnings compiling
      with SAS/C.  This is due to that fact that many routines take shorts
      and SAS/C like to warn you that fubar(i + 1) (where i is a short)
      does not math an argument type of short.	Other things like that
      generate warnings too...

    * Note the '#ifdef _DCC' lines in direct.c, main.c, and include.c ..
      If DCPP is compiled using SAS/C, certain things are not compiled in:

      (1) #pragma DCCOPTS (direct.c)
      (2) version ID / version printout (main.c)
      (3) -unix option to convert path names (e.g. '../fubar', to
	  more easily convert unix sources)

    * Two source files which are not part of DCPP proper are also
      included for your benefit:

      (1) "tokens.h" actually comes from the DC1 source, used by DCPP
	  when generating precompiled includes.  It is included here but
	  might be changed in the future (that is, things may be added as
	  DICE progresses).  Such an occurance could make older DCPP
	  executables incompatible.

      (2) You might wish to support the unix compatibility option with
	  a SAS/C compiled version of DCPP so I have included the
	  UnixToAmigaPath() subroutine.

    * DCPP is compiled to obtain error messages from a fixed file
      called 'DCC:CONFIG/DICE.ERRORS'.  For your Atari port you will have
      to change this.  CONFIG/DICE.ERRORS is included (you can remove all
      lines except the one's prefixed by 'CP' for the port or, optionally,
      hard-code the errors.  We'll be translating DICE.ERRORS into
      assorted languages.

    * WARNING, STDIO, I just noticed that I open everything "r", "w",
      etc... instead of "rb", "wb", etc...  This could be an important
      distinction on the Atari, I don't know.


		-Matt Dillon	-Bryce Nesbitt	   -John Toebes

	Obvious Implementations Corp.		Obvious Implementations Corp.
	Cary World Headquarters			Lake Tahoe Retreat
	207 Livingstone Drive			1005 Apollo Way
	Cary, NC  27513				Incline Village, NV  89451
	919-469-4210	;(Voice)		702-831-8000	;(Voice)
	919-469-3853	;(Fax)			702-831-4059	;(Fax)
